>> James: WELCOME BACK, LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN, WE ARE JOINED BY
ONE OF THE MOST INCREDIBLE
PEOPLE HAVE I EVER MET, PLEASE
WELCOME THE WORLD'S BEST
MENTALIST PLRKS LIOR SUCHARD.
(APPLAUSE)
>> I LOVE IT EVERY TIME YOU STOP
BY.
THIS WILL BE YOUR THIRD TIME.
>> THIS IS MY THIRD TIME.
>> James: EVERY TIME ARE YOU
HERE YOU BLOW OUR MINDS.
I'M ASSUMING TONIGHT WILL BE NO
DIFFERENT.
I KNOW NOTHING OF WHAT WE ARE
DOING RIGHT NOW.
>> I KNOW NOTHING EITHER,
ACTUALLY I'M VERY EXCITED
BECAUSE WHO HEARD OF THE
EUROVISION SONG COMPETITION.
>> James: YES.
>> AMERICANS DON'T REALLY KNOW A
LOT ABOUT IT.
THAT IS WHY IT IS CALLED EURO.
AND IT IS THE BIGGEST SONG
COMPETITION IN THE WORLD.
>> James:S' HUGE.
>> 40 COUNTRIES, 200 MILLION
VIEWERS.
>> James: YEAH.
>> LAST YEAR ISRAELI WON WHICH
MEANS THAT THEY-- OF COURSE,
THIS YEAR IT IS GOING TO BE IN
ISRAEL, THEY ASKED TO DO A
SPECIAL CRAZY ACT.
WHICH MEANS I DECIDE TO DO
SOMETHING CRAZY ABOUT MUSIC.
WE HAD AMAZING MUSICIANS.
AND TALKING ABOUT MUSIC I
CREATED THIS, YOU HAVE TO SEE, I
BOUGHT A PI ANO, IT IS A BIG
PIANO BUT WHAT IS INTERESTING
ABOUT THIS PIANO, INSTEAD OF
NOTES I PUT ALL THE NUMBERS SO
THAT IT IS KIND IS MUCH LIKE--
SOMETHING BUT BASICALLY
THE BEAUTIFUL THING ABOUT THIS
THAT YOU DON'T NEED TO
UNDERSTAND IN MUSIC, YOU JUST
NEED TO UNDERSTAND IN NUMBERS SO
IT IS PRETTY EASY TO DO IT.
EVERYTHING WILL BE AROUND MUSIC.
AND TO DO THAT WE'LL START WITH
THIS.
THIS IS SOMETHING INTERESTING.
IT IS CALLED WORDS OF SONGS.  IT
HAS A WORD OF A SONG ON EVERY
PAGE, FOR EXAMPLE FORGIVE, IT
MAKES YOU THINK OF A SONG WITH
FORGIVE, I DON'T KNOW WHAT SONG,
I DON'T CARE, IMAGINE, LOVE,
MAKES YOU THINK OF CIRCLE, COULD
BE A CIRCLE OF LIFE, COULD BE A
CIRCLE IN THE SAND, EVERY ONE
HAS A DI FERENT SOUND I WANTED
TO HOLD THIS FOR ME, I WANTED TO
JUST OPEN IT WITHOUT LACKING.
SO LOOK AT ME, JUST TOAP ANYWAY
YOU WANT, OPEN IT WHEREVER YOU
WANT, HATIONZ TO BE SOMETHING
THAT NEITHER WE DON'T KNOW.
YOU GOT IT.
>> YEAH.
>> OKAY, OPEN IT WITHOUT
LOOKING.
PUT IT ON THE TABLE, FACE DOWN,
WE DON'T KNOW, NOBODY KNOWS.
>> James: I'M DOING T LIOR.
>> OKAY.
>> James: SO NOW WHAT'S
INTERESTING TRK IS VERY CURIOUS,
WE HAD A WORD FROM ANY SONG THAT
NEITHER OF US KNOW WHAT IT IS.
AND NOW MUSIC AFFECTS OUR LIFE,
FOR GOD AND BAD, MAKES YOU
HAPPY, SAD AND THIS INFLUENCING
WE CAN DO IT.
BUT FIRST OF ALL LET'S DO IT
WITH THE ENTIRE AUDIENCE, CAN WE
ALL STAND UP FORP A SECOND.
I WANT TO CONNECT ALL OF YOU, I
WILL SAY ONE, TWO, THREE, WHEN I
SAY NOW, EVERYONE I AM GOING TO
TURN AROUND AND CHECK THE HAND
OF THE PERSON RIGHT BEHIND THEM,
VERY SIMPLE ONE, TWO, THREE, GO,
STAND IMPOSSIBLE, YOU SEE?
>> THEY'RE LIKE THRARKS IS
IMPOSSIBLE, THEY'RE LIKE THIS,
WAIT, WAIT WHAT DID I DO.
AND THE LAST ROW WHEN LIKE OH,
THERE SAY WALL MERE.
SOO AS YOU CAN SEE, IF YOU KNOW
HOW PEOPLE THINK, YOU KNOW HOW
TO INFLUENCE THEIR MIND, THAT IS
WHAT WE WILL DEMONSTRATE.
SO JOIN ME.
COME WITH ME, GUYS, COME WITH
ME.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
>> LET'S DO, THIS AND I REALLY
HOPE IT WORKS.
YOU KNOW THE FEELING WHEN YOU
HAVE EVERYTHING ERV, YOU HAVE AN
ICONIC SONG STUCK IN YOUR MIND.
YOU HEAR IT AND YOU KEEP HEARING
IT OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
OKAY.
I WANT YOU TO THINK OF A SONG
LIKE THAT.
DON'T TELL ME, I WANT TO YOU
THINK OF A SONG LIKE, THAT DON'T
TELL ME.
I WANT YOU TO THINK OF A SONG
LIKE, THAT DON'T TELL ME, IS IT
A FAMOUS SONG.
>> YES.
>> FAMOUS SONG.
>> YEAH.
>> FAMOUS SONG?
>> I WILL START WITH I, DID YOU
TELL IT TO ANYONE?
>> NO.
>> NONE OF THE BROTHERS,
NOTHING.
>> SORRY.
>> NO IT'S FINE, I LIKE IT.
>> I'M JUST GOING TO LOOK AT YOU
WHEN I'M DOING THIS.
CAN YOU TURN THE VOLUME HIGHER.
>> OKAY.
>>
♪ I'M TRYING.
>> James: TERRIBLE SONG S
LIOR.
>> YOU CAN SEE, I'M GOING TO TRY
TO DO THIS.
IF THIS WORKS.
OKAY, FAMOUS SONG.
>> YES, SIR.
>> YEAH.
>> DID YOU TELL IT TO ANYONE.
>> NO.
>> DID YOU TILL IT TO ME BNS NO.
>> WHAT WAS THE SONG WERE YOU
THINKING OF.
>> ROCKET MAN.
>> COME ON.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
>> I LOVE IT.
>> IT'S AMAZING, RIGHTS.
>> WHO WANTS TO KNOW HOW I DID T
BY THE WAY?
(APPLAUSE)
OKAY.
CAN I NOT TELL YOU BUT YOU HAVE
YOUR SONG ALSO.
>> YEAH, DO I.
>> FAMOUS.
>> YES.
>> OKAY.
DON'T SAY IT, DON'T SAY IT,
NICK, I THINK ARE YOU A LITTLE
BIT OUT OF TUNE.
I'M KIDDING, I'M JOKING, ONLY IN
THE MIND.
BUT IS IT A FAMOUS SONG.
>> VERY FAMOUS.
>> OKAY, I WILL GET BACK TO YOU.
LET ME SHOW HOW IT, WITHOUTS.
IT WORKS HOW PEOPLE 24EU.
SO FOR EXAMPLE JUST PLAY ALONG
WITH ME.
CLOSE YOUR EYES, CLOSE YOUR
EYES, CLOSE YOUR EYES, OPEN
THEM, LOOK AT ME, IS IT OKAY?
>> YES.
>> CAN YOU THINK OF A NUMBER
BETWEEN ONE AND TEN.
>> YEAH.
>> THINK ABOUT IT.
>> GOT IT.
>> THINK ABOUT IT, LET ME SHOW
THE AUDIENCE.
I DON'T WANT TO SHOW YOU WHAT I
AM DOING.
OKAY.
FOR THE FIRST TIME, LET ME SHOW
IT TO YOU, WHAT WAS THE NUMBER
WERE YOU THINKING OF?
>> SEVEN.
>> SEFN.
>> CRAZY.
>> BUT NOW, BUT NOW I'M GOING TO
TELL YOU HOW IT IS DONE.
WHY DID YOU THINK OF SEVEN.
>> I DONE KNOW.
>> NO, IT IS MY LIKE POINTING AS
THE NUMBER.
>> IT IS ONE NUMBER.
>> I FEEL LIKE I'M STRONGER THAN
THAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT, LET'S TAKE IT
LIKE A BIG STEP FARTHER.
WE'LL DO IT WITH THE ENTIRE
AUDIENCE, YOU GUYS ARE WITH ME?
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
SOO I'M GOING TO DIE MUSICAL
TEST.
REPEAT AFTER ME, YOU ARE WELCOME
TO JOIN, EVERYBODY, LABS, LABS,
LABS,.
♪ OKAY.
SO THIS GOOD, THIS IS GOOD, YOU
ARE OKAY.
COME WITH ME, COME WITH ME.
I NEED SOME PEOPLE.
YOU CAN RAISE YOUR HAND IF YOU
WANT TO.
>> YOU COME, YOU COME, COME OVER
HERE YOU, KNOW, SIT DOWN, SIT
DOWN.
OVER HERE, COME OVER HERE, AND
AND-- PERFECT, PERFECT, BOTH OF
YOU, COME OVER HERE.
COME OVER HERE, STAND IN A LINE,
STAND IN A LINE, DO YOU KNOW BY
THE WHICH THIS IS JAMES, JONAS
BROTHERS.
>> HELLO.
>> HI, EVERYONE.
>> THIS IS DREAT.
WE DON'T NEED TO SHAKE
EVERYONE'S HAND.
NOW IT'S GOING TO BE A LITTLE
BIT CRAZY.
AND DO YOU KNOW LIKE THE WAY WHY
I PICKED YOU FROM ALL OF THEM?
YOU WERE THE WORST ONES.
THEY WERE LIKE La, La, La,
LOOKING AT YOU, I WANT TO LOOK
AT YOU FOR A SECOND.
EVERYBODY IN THE AUDIENCE,
LISTEN ME NOW, WE'RE GOING TO DO
SOMETHING REALLY CRAZY.
I WANT YOU GUYS TO THINK OF YOUR
NUMBER BETWEEN ONE AND TEN,
OKAY, WERE YOU THINKING OF
SEVEN.
THE OH NUMBER, THERE SAY MUSICAL
TRY ANG SOLE WHEN I HIT IT, I
WANT EVERYONE TO THINK OF THEIR
NUMBER BETWEEN ONE AND TEN, CAN
YOU COVER YOUR EARS, COVER YOUR
EARS, COVER, COVER, COVER,
COVER, BUSTER, CAN YOU HEAR ME?
YOU CAN HEAR ME, YOU WERE
LAUGHING.
>> AUDIENCE, MINE US SIX PEOPLE,
READY, THINK OF A NUMBER FROM
ONE TO TEN NOW.
>> OKAY THRK IS SERIOUS, JIEMSZ,
THIS IS SERIOUS.  DO YOU THINK
THIS IS POSSIBLE, GUYS.
DO YOU THINK THIS IS POSSIBLE.
>> I MEAN SO FAR SO GOOD.
>> SO FAR SOD GOO.
EVERYBODY THINK OF A FLM FROM
ONE TO TEN.
MY FRIEND, IF YOU THOUGHT YOU
COULD REMOVE THIS.
IF YOU THOUGHT OF THE NUMBER
THREE, PLEASE STAND UP.
>> OH MY GOD.
>> WHAT?
>> NO.
>> WHAT ABOUT THIS GUY.
>> YOU DIDN'T THINK OF THREE.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
YOU ARE FIRED BY THE WAY.
OH MY GOD, WAITED, WAIT, THIS IS
CRAZY, YOU CAN SIT DOWN.
EVERYBODY, LET ME ASK YOU A
QUESTION.
DID YOU THINK OF, ONE OF YOU
THOUGHT OF THREE, THREE, THREE,
NO, NOTHING?
NO, NO.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHY.
BECAUSE YOU WERE COVERING YOUR
EARS, YOU DIDN'T LISTEN TO THE
THREE TIMES I HIT THE TRIANGLE.
>> I HEARD IT, I HEARD ITMENT.
>> THREE TIMES I HIT THE
TRIANGLE.
WITH MAKE EVERYONE THINKS OF
THREE BUT THEY DIDN'T THINK OF
THREE, DID YOU KNOW, DID YOU
TELL IT TO ANYBODY, DID ANYONE
KNOW YOUR NUMBER, IT'S FAIR, BUT
IT'S NOT THREE.
DO ME A FAVOR, JUST HOLD THIS,
AND HOLD THIS AND HOLD THIS.
IF THIS WORKS I WILL BE IN SHOCK
BY THE WAY.
HOLD THIS.
HOLDS THIS.
I'M GOING TO TROO TRY TO DO.
THIS CLOSE YOUR EYES.
DON'T SAY A WORD.
OKAY, I'M GOING TO TRY, YOU WERE
A LITTLE BRIT CONFUSING.
I THINK YOU THOUGHT OF THIS.
I DON'T KNOW I THINK, OKAY, OPEN
YOUR EYES, DON'T LOOK, DON'T
LOOK, PLEASE SWEAR THAT NOBODY
KNOWS YOUR NUMBER, WHAT WAS YOUR
NUMBER.
>> FOUR.
>> WAS IT FOUR?
>> AND YOURS.
>> ONE.
>> YOURS, FOUR.
>> YOURS.
>> SIX.
>> AND YOURS NINE.
>> AND YOURS, EIGHT.
LOOK AT THE NUMBER.
LISTEN, I WROTE THIS BEFORE, I
WANT TO INFLUENCE EVERYONE TO
THINK OF THREEVMENT YOU CHOSE
THE NUMBERS, RANDOM NUMBERS, HOW
CRAZY IS THIS.
>> CRAZY.
>> MAKE SURE YOU HAVE YOUR
WALLETS WHEN YOU GO BACK.
>> BUT THERE IS SOMETHING CRAZY,
LIKE A CRAZY PSYCHOLOGICAL.
I DIDN'T GET YOUR SONG, I DIDN'T
GET YOUR SONG, I WAS TRYING.
CAN YOU JUST TELL ME IF IT IS A
GROUP OR PERSON.
>> IT IS A GROUP.
>> A FAMOUS SONG.
>> IT IS.
>> OH MY GLODZ.
CAN YOU TELL ME THE SONG.
>> YOU WANT ME TO TELL YOU THE
SONG.
>> BOHEMIAN RAP SODZY.
>>.
>> IT IS A GREAT SONG.
>> FOR THE FIRST TIME, FOR THE
FIRST TIME DID ANYONE KNOW THIS
SONG.
>> NO WITHIN NOBODY, BOHEMIAN
RHAPSODY.
>> PRESELECTED NUMBERS.
OF RANDOM AUDIENCE NUMBERS,
RANDOM AUDIENCE NUMBERS, YOU
WERE CHOSEN, THIS IS YOUR
COMPLETELY CHOICE, CORRECT.
NOBODY TOLD YOU WHAT TO CHOOSE.
>> AND WE HAVE HAD.
WE HAD A PIANO WITH NUMBERS,
JAMES, WILL YOU DO THE NINE AND
EIGHT.
WILL YOU DOT NINE AND EIGHT.
I WILL DO THE ONE, FOUR AND
SIFNTLE YOU READY?
>> YEAH.
GUYS, YOUR SONG WAS BOHEMIAN
RHAPSODY.
SNOIT.
(APPLAUSE).
♪.
>> THAT'S CRAZY.
>> WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, THERE
ARE HUNDREDS WORDS IN THIS BOOK
LET, YOU KNOW, WHEN YOU PLAY
THIS TUNE, WHEN YOU PLAY-- WHAT
WORD EVERYBODY WANT TOTION SHOUT
RIGHT NOW.
>> MAMA.
>> SHUT UP.
>> DON'T YOU EVEN DARE, NO WAY.
>> YOU TOLD THE RANDOM WORD.
YOU CHOTION IT.
>> NOBODY.
NO!
9.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THE
WORLD'S GREATEST MENTALIST, LIOR
SUCHARD, WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK
WITH MORE FROM THE JONAS
BROTHERS.
OH MY GOD!
THAT WAS OUTRAGEUS.